Clarify role of set_var in variable precedence (#6606)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/UsersGuide.asciidoc

* API POST query parameters

That is, variable values set as part of the API request that triggers the jobs will
'win' over values set at any of the other locations. It's important to note that

> this precedence applies when a job is created. Test code can modify variables value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this precedence applies when a job is created. Test code can modify variable values
```

at runtime (e.g., by calling set_var). Such runtime modifications will override

> any of the initial settings. In the special case of the `BACKEND` variable,
> if there is a `MACHINE` specified, the `BACKEND` value for this machine defined
> in openQA has highest precedence.

Reviewer: I would now split the last sentence into its own paragraph as this one is getting quite long and the special case of the `BACKEND` variable doesn't really relate to `set_var`.

```suggestion
any of the initial settings.

In the special case of the `BACKEND` variable, if there is a `MACHINE` specified,
the `BACKEND` value for this machine defined in openQA has highest
precedence.
```
